VAPI-746: Ring verb can now ring without answering the call (#715)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/ring.md

| ATTRIBUTE | Description                                                                                            |
|:----------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| duration  | (optional) How many seconds to play ringing on the call. Default value is 5. Range: decimal values between 0.1 - 86400.

> | answerCall  | (optional) A boolean indicating whether or not to pick up the call when Ring is the first verb on an unanswered incoming call. Default value is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| answerCall  | (optional) A boolean indicating whether or not to pick up the call when executed on an unanswered incoming call. Default value is `true`.
```

> | answerCall  | (optional) A boolean indicating whether or not to pick up the call when Ring is the first verb on an unanswered incoming call. Default value is true.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this needs a better description. I know this is basically getting into the differences between common usage for "pick up a call" and SIP usage, but to me these reads as sort of nonsense. Why would we default to picking up an unanswered call? What does this actually change about the behavior of having a Ring verb? I don't have a good suggestion for the change because I never quite understood what the ask for this story was, but at least to me not having any context, I think we want a better description here.

Author: Hmmmm. Would `A boolean indicating whether or not to pick up the call and playing ringing or leave it unanswered and ringing when Ring is the first verb on an unanswered incoming call. Default value is true.` be better?

Reviewer 2: Does picking up the call vs not picking it up change either the callbacks or the SIP signals we send back? Might be worth mentioning that, but that description does read a little better to me

Author: Yes. The SIP signals change from 180 with `answerCall` to false and 200 with true.

Reviewer: I would just change `pick up` to `answer` and make the change I suggested in my other comment
